<h1>REFLECTION - WILSON, NATHAN, DANIEL</h1>
<p>In this project, we successfully implemented five different methods for controlling a computer game. These interaction methods include keyboard controls, touchpad controls, color tracking, finger counting, and speech recognition. These five methods resulted in varying degrees of success when playing, with each bringing its benefits and drawbacks.</p>
<body>
  By far the easiest and most effective interaction method to use was the keyboard controls. Beyond simply being intuitive to use, as we interact with keyboards constantly in our day-to-day lives, the keyboard also gave precise and timely responses to our inputs, both of which are crucial components of most video games. However, the keyboard also fails to utilize more complex and nuanced human motions, and while this may be acceptable for a simple game such as Snake Game, it may be a limiting factor in games with more detail. Similar to the keyboard, the touchpad was also intuitive to use as controls for the game, although the keyboard was somewhat more precise. The most unique method of interaction we implemented was color tracking, which utilized the device's webcam to track an object of a predetermined color (green in our case) to determine the direction of the input. While controlling the game in this way was surprisingly intuitive, this method came with the most drawbacks of the five. For one, many factors could disrupt this method's effectiveness: including poor lighting, a colorful background, and much more. Additionally, it is difficult to ensure that the color range within which the program searches for is broad enough to always include the desired object but narrow enough to not include extraneous, similarly colored objects in the frame. The fourth interaction method was finger counting, and this method suffered from the opposite problems of color tracking. The finger counting program was surprisingly accurate, giving correct counts even when the hand is positioned at strange angles or shown in poor lighting. The main drawback of the finger counting method is the lack of an intuitive connection between how many fingers a person is holding up and a direction to travel in a video game. While playing the game with this method, we spent less time thinking about what we should do in the game and more time thinking about which hand gesture we needed to make to input the direction we wanted. In this way, the finger counting method fails to enable the user to think through doing. Finally, the last method of interaction we implemented was speech recognition. Unlike finger counting, this method was very intuitive to use and gave greater results. Similar to color tracking, the main drawbacks came from lack of precision and potential external influencing factors.
  
  Overall, this project taught us a lot about the various ways in which users interact with systems, how these methods are implemented and evaluating the pros and cons of using any given method.
